adds discord-bot-list topic (#3190)
github/explore: topics/discord-bot-list/index.md

---
aliases: discordbotlist
topic: discord-bot-list
github_url: https://github.com/discord
display_name: Discord Bot Lists
logo: discord-bot-list.png

> short_description: Websites that list Discord Bots, may have voting, and show important stats about Discord Bots.

Reviewer: Let's keep this simple:

```suggestion
short_description: Websites that list Discord Bots.
```

> url: https://discord.rovelstars.com

Reviewer: It seems wrong to link to a specific bot list in the topic description like this, since this is a topic containing many of them and none are "official" or authoritative.

```suggestion
```

---

> A bot is an automated Discord account. A Discord Bot List displays these Discord Bots on their website. The website may even include a way to support bots via their dedicated support button, provides an easy place for Discord bot owners to share their bots throughout discord. Its one of the main sources from where a bot can become popular on Discord.

Reviewer: Wordsmithing here for clarity:

```suggestion
A bot is an automated Discord account. A Discord Bot list is a website that displays these Discord bots. Sites provide an easy place for Discord bot owners to share their bots throughout Discord, and may include a way to support bots via a dedicated support button. This is one of the main avenues by which a bot can become popular on Discord.

```

> ---

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
---
```

aliases: discordbotlist
topic: discord-bot-list
github_url: https://github.com/discord
display_name: Discord Bot Lists
logo: discord-bot-list.png
short_description: Websites that list Discord Bots.

> ---

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
---
```
